# Hackathon-COVID-Webapp-Data-Processing

Our project is designed for the scenario in which we return to campus but must maintain proper COVID protocol. We focused on two main hurdles of an on-campus experience: the avoidance of high traffic areas and  contact-tracing. Both are crucial to managing a safe and plausible on-campus experience, but can infringe on personal data security in the sense of locations services. Therefore, we opted for a required self-logging system of entrance and exit patterns of individuals through buildings around campus. 

For high traffic areas, we aimed to help students find public spaces with lower foot traffic in order to lower their risk of exposure to COVID. If student A is looking for a study space, they might seek an area that is the least crowded and thus safer. Student A looks at our app and finds the lowest traffic areas for the hour, based on the previous hour’s data. When Student A gets there, since they use the same web app to log their entry of the public space, they will be providing data for the next day’s and hour’s prediction.

Using this same data, we can combine it with a list of students known to have tested positive for COVID to create a system of reliable contact tracing by comparing the entrance and exit times of COVID-positive students with other students to know if they spent time in the same room together.

Given the Hackathon’s time constraint, and the reality that our team is composed of first time Hackathoners, we took a MVP (minimum viable product) approach. The backend proof of concept, a group of data processing functions, uses Python to demonstrate how we would use the simple set of data collected by the web app to generate traffic comparison data, contract tracing insights, etc. Separately, the front end proof of concept, a deployed multi page web-app, shows how the user experience might look like. We used vanilla JS, html, css (with minimum use of bootstrap) as well as Mapbox.js to create the site. Though it is not a fully functional product (backend and frontend has yet been connected), we are confident in it as a proof of concept. 
